Add Anthropic docs (#9469)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/anthropic/index.mdx

    integrations=[AnthropicIntegration()],
)

client = Anthropic()
```

## Verify

Verify that the integration works by snucking in a bug (e.g. a bad API key), this will cause a new error event to be sent to Sentry:
```python
from anthropic import Anthropic
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

client = Anthropic(api_key="invalid-key")
with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(op="ai-inference", name="AI inference"):
    response = (
        client.messages.create(
            max_tokens=42,
            model="some-model",
            messages=[{"role": "system", "content": "Hello, Anthropic!"}]
        )
    )
    print(response)
```

Executing this script initiates a transaction within the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io). Furthermore, it triggers the sending of an error event (about the bad API key) to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), which will be linked to the transaction.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).

## Behavior

- The supported modules are currently `chat.messages.create` with `stream=True` and `stream=False`.

- All exceptions leading to an `AnthropicError` are reported.

> - Sentry is configured not to consider LLM and tokenizer inputs/outputs as PII. If you want to include them, set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call. To explicitly exclude prompts despite `send_default_pii=True`, configure the integration with `include_prompts=False` like in the Options section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sentry is configured not to consider LLM and tokenizer inputs/outputs as PII. If you want to include them, set `send_default_pii=True` in the `sentry_sdk.init()` call. To explicitly exclude prompts despite `send_default_pii=True`, configure the integration with `include_prompts=False`, as shown in [Options](#options).
```
